Good evening.
Parmenians, Parmenianettes,
herey, herey, welcome to the best night of your lives.
Let's welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Who needs a card?
Please.
What a crowd.
I'd like to welcome and thank our acting comptroller, Erin McGathy.
Oh!
Hi.
I'm very nervous and insecure.
Don't be alarmed.
Jeff just texted me.
If you're on stage right now, turn off your phone.
I'm already failing.
Well, with advice like that flowing in, how can?
Don't worry.
also is my acting girlfriend. We've talked about it on the drive up here. We're both
absolute consummate preparationists. We simply just, we really...
So we're sure that we invented a word. Yes. We actually sat down and said, what will
the word be for people who prepare a lot? And we said, let's stutter as we say it.
Alright. It was all planned out. Every experience. This is the inception of talking. Everything's
planned out. You'll record it and you'll go back over and go, no the van backed over
as they were slalloming. Which works perfectly. What a Jack movie. Can we admit, no? Oh,
okay, no. Alright. Alright. Hey, man. I am not Napoleon. I am a populist. I'm Obama.
If you don't like, if you like something, I like it. Inception. Three dreams at the
same time. Couple notes. They start that movie, Two Dreams Deep. I wish I could use the N
word. It's like, please. It's a fucking movie about dreams being real. Give me a taste.
Don't assume I'm stupid. It's dramatic music. But step into it. Every pool has stairs. You
just wander in. Show me an example of a dream. A guy being in the dream. Hey, man. You enjoying
that soup? Yes, I am. It's delicious. You know what I love about it? It's so real. Psych.
You're dreaming. I thought that soup was real. So in conclusion, sir, I think you could use
my services. You're hired. It's the way that you use it. And then do the credits. And then
in the credits, like reveal, like, okay, there's a little call to adventure. There were two
dreams deep. And then have the threshold be, we need to go three dreams deep, maybe. Or
three deep. That's never charismatic when you forget the are in dreams. It makes you,
that makes all of you go, I should be up there. I can say the word dreams. Well, the wizards
behind the curtain. No longer. The emperor's clothes are here. Which is the name of your
autobiography. Both of those things. I got a little sidetracked. I want to make a promise
to you that's not going to happen tonight. Harmontown is, for those of you who have
not been here nine, ten times, we've done this. It's a town meeting. I think that's very
clear from the description of the show, which is now going to be a weekly podcast. It seems
like that deserves applause. It's a thing that's seen when a comic says I just had a baby. And
then half the time they didn't. You ever notice that? You notice the comics, they always say
they had babies. And then they just, they're just taking you for a fucking ride. They had
a baby and you go, where do you go? AIDS.
Danda's, Dana Gould. You didn't have a baby, Dana Gould.
And as exclusively observational comic, comic humor.
In keeping with my meta-sensibility, they got me fired. I'm a comics comic. Comics,
comics, comics. It's like the first scene of Inception. Hard to follow. Labyrinthine.
You know, like Back to the Future. No. That movie started with a kid who wasn't time traveling.
I don't mean to shake my cane at you, Christopher Nolan. Did he direct that?
I don't know.
David Finchman? Batman? Who directed it? That doesn't matter.
Let's hear it for Back to the Future.
Tonight we wanted to, the concern was that Aaron is stepping in for Jeff so that the
night would, my fear with people that are couples, entertaining people is that it will
devolve very quickly into a kind of Regis and Kathy thing.
Well it's so hard to say.
Where's you youngsters, Regis and Kelly?
You love me so much. So you were worried you were going to be distracted by my beautiful
face.
Yeah, that it would be saccharin or that we'd go, remember that time you did that? No,
you did it.
But you know, so I want to, I think that saying that out loud will keep that from happening.
I'm probably wrong.
Well let's forget it.
Okay.
For now.
You're so cute tonight.
You look very handsome. Look how thin Dan looks.
See, it's not happening. This isn't a morning show.
You all should see how Danny looks underneath those clothes. I see how he looks naked. Because
we're dating and we're so in love. Am I doing this right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gave me a flashback when you said, to this morning we were having
breakfast and then breakfast turned into like 3 p.m.
Breakfast on each other's bits. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
The,
We were having breakfast this morning.
I said, oh, you look like you lost weight and then I lifted up my, I went like that.
That's what the guy at the bar did. Except you can do it. You're fine. I love you guys.
But this guy did it. I was like, get out. I got up out of a booth at a restaurant and
then somebody said, oh, you look, yo, where'd it go? Where's the tummy? And I said, here
it is.
And this guy at the bar went, he was talking to his friend and so you have to, I have to,
you have to rewind, put your play head where I lift the shirt and you'll know where I do
it. But I'm rewinding. Now you're from, this is like inception.
Knock your chair over.
Whoa, that always wakes you up. Where, what are the suitcases with the things? Come on
guys.
And what is Ellen Page, what is Ellen Page's role in that whole movie? She's learning
how to do it. She never does it. She never does it.
We're alienating them, honey. They love inception.
I love, I thought that was great. A lot of them left a lot of Rotten Tomatoes reviews
that they're deeply ashamed of, but they got to fucking stick it out. Three years later,
you can't fucking let it go. You're the same way about goodwill hunting, you little fuckers.
How many of you own it? Did you buy it? Fuck you, buddy. I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. Mixed signals. I'm sorry. Thank you for being honest. Fuck you for lying, all
of you. Because none of you own it. Wait, no, you were all honest too. You didn't raise
your hands. Thank you all for being honest. Fuck me for not liking goodwill hunting. It's
a great movie. Listen to the name. You like those apples?
Hey, hey, no, no, answer the question. Do you like apples? I, I, fuck you. You fucking
dork. No, no, no, just answer it. Okay, yes, I like apples, which, okay, you're putting
me in the awkward position of having a stance on fucking apples. You're an idiot. But yes,
I like apples. I just got a phone number. I don't, please, you're embarrassing yourself.
Me, my parents, humanity, giraffes, any errant spy drones passing over, every, the thermograph
of you is embarrassing. Holding a phone number, bragging about it with the apple tea up. Fuck
you. It's not, you don't give that movie an Oscar. What you get from that is 10 more
movies like that. Saving the Rebecca's Dreaming. Good, silvering.
Logline. Logline for saving the Rebecca's Dreaming. Rebecca is a small town girl who's
been in the big cities. She's coming back. They don't have loglines. They're fucking
pieces of shit. All they have is a special font that looks like on Golden Pond. That's
all they have. Goodwill hunting. It means nothing. That's dumb. You can't just string
words together. Robocop. Fuck you. Awesome. Oscar. Where's the Oscar for Robocop? Thank
you, gentlemen. And lady. So we're at Little Don's. He left up your sweater. I left up
my shirt and the guy goes, so put the play head back to, I get out of the booth and the
guy, I go, so this is the guy, and so I got to tell you where the camera is. Okay. This
is, you're me, all of you. I'll play myself. You just lifted your shirt. So he's talking
to his friend. Who's identical? They're both like, they're both built like me. I don't
know if it's important to say that. They both look like big burly bears. They're both
like, they're really good at pool. And that's not a compliment. They look like guys that's
like, I don't know what Trevor and Joey are skilled at, and then you play pool with them
and you're like, oh. Oh, they're good at pool. They're good at pool. Oh. All right. So the
guy's at the bar of this restaurant, which is two feet from the booth. I stand up. Someone
says, you look like, where's your belly? Where is it? I can't find it. That's a really
nice thing to say. That was me. Oh, some lady. The guy said fucking gross. He looked at my
belly and said fucking gross. And you don't blame them. Who cares? My theory. This is
a morning show. There might be coffee in this cup. My theory on that guy is that he was
an is homophobic. So we saw a man left up his shirt and he didn't want his buddy to think
that he liked it. So reflexively, he was like, this is gross. I don't like it. I don't like
it. I would never suck at it. That's a good girlfriend at any rate. The guy called me
gross. He just wants to fuck you. That's a good girlfriend. Well, that's my, that's
my explanation for anyone who's ever rude to me. So stop trying to fuck me so hard.
Mom. My mom's dad. Here is not a good girlfriend. You woke me up at 5.40 this morning. You weren't
awake. You decided that in your sleep, you were having such a great dream. But I was
awakened at 5.40 a.m. to Aaron saying, Dan, Dan, Dan. Oh, fuck shit. Look, look and get
it. You got to do that. Hold up the stick. Look at the stick. And she's pointing the
corner of the room. And I, what's the stick? She's got the microphone. Hold up the stick.
You have to do it. And I, okay, I'm holding it. And she went. And then at 7.40, I'm like
still two hours later, I'm like staring at the ceiling worried about my finances. Every
once in a while, she's like. So like the stick dream is amazing. It's got like, it's got
like a comic figure in it. Like Charlie Callas comes out later as the, as the stick party.
Raise your hand if you know who Charlie Callas is. There are five people, six people in their
hands. Most of them are our friends. Because they've all gotten drunk with Jeff Davis and
he's made you watch Charlie Callas on YouTube for three hours.
Charlie Callas is this incredibly unfunny comic from
Sweetie. He's dead.
Oh, he is dead. He's a dead unfunny comic from the six seasons, 70s who for no reason just
makes nonsense noises in the middle of explaining stories that no one cares about.
Why don't you give us an example? Charlie Callas impression is impeccable.
Can you give us a suggestion for an activity that Charlie Callas might talk about?
Sure. Sure. What's an activity? Pool.
Pool? All right. So me and my friends, we went to the pool hall and one of them grabbed
a cue off the wall and I was like, and then he took the pool and took the pool ball and
put it on the thing and I was like, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.
There's a phone call? Yeah. Sorry. It doesn't make sense.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hello. This is pool calling. And then we all went home.
Thank you.
Yeah. Good job applauding that because Charlie Callas is dead, but his wife, Rebecca Callas
isn't. I'm sorry, honey. Come on up here.
My husband is just fucking crying and she just blows her brains everywhere.
But as she's blowing her brains, she says like, I'm going to kill. I'm going to kill.
I'm going to kill. It'll be so funny when you Google it.
So Aaron and I have a perfect relationship, which is why, and also Aaron has a podcast
about relationships because, you know, do you remember the name of it?
It's this feels terrible. All right. I just wanted you to say it.
Oh, I'm sorry. Does someone boo?
Yeah. Well, they're booing your awkward approach to integrated marketing. Right. They're not
booing your podcast. They're booing. Like if Calgon came in and said, that sounds like
a clean situation, then they go boo. Thank you for sponsoring Harmontown. Fuck you for
shoehorning it.
Sure.
Should we talk about?
Oh yeah. I know. I'm sorry. You're saying we have a perfect relationship.
Right. Right. That's the facade. This is like Sherman's March or I never saw it.
It's like Inception. You think it's a dream and the perfect relationship is going to turn
out to not be perfect. Like Inception. Like the guy eating the soup is going to turn out
to fucking that movie. Really, you guys are going to just stick to it. You just love it.
You're just going to die for it. Like if I come at Inception with a buoy knife, you're
going to just fucking, like, you're going to me, the creator of community. That doesn't
give you pause. There's no loyalty. There's no Darth Vader, Luke Skywalker. Father, please.
Your emperor is killing me. You won't pick up Inception and dump it into a fucking laser
pit for me in your Ewoks. That's what you are. You'll sing and dance. You don't care
if your moon of indoor is taken over by the empire. I got no use for you. Just don't
cook C-3PO. I haven't seen that movie in a while. I think we're going to cook C-3PO.
In soup? I don't know. He sat up and they're like, oh, he's a god. That movie fucking bite
a dick, too. Fucking Ewoks. You guys are almost too young. It's got to the point. When I came
out to LA, I was like, if I mentioned Star Wars, oh my god. Now you're all, and this
is what I love about you. You're beyond racism. You don't give a shit anymore. You don't
wear watches. You don't have landlines. You don't give a fuck about George Lucas. The
idea that black people can't swim is boring. It's not funny. It's not shocking. You're
like, again, with the black people, fuck you. I'm a quarter Apache. I got a Chinese guy
growing out of the top of my head. I'm half hologram. Even if I'm Thoroughbred Eskimo,
I still don't give a shit about your dumb racial humor. What are you, Don Rickles? Fuck
you. Those are the things that I love about you. But you guys should know, since you're
so young and so beyond it, that Return of the Jedi movie, those Ewoks were supposed
to be Chewbacca's. All right, that's it. That's all I'm going to say about it.
Wait, were they really?
Do you imagine a planet of Chewbacca's? I know they're called Wookies.
I guess I'll research this on my own time. I didn't realize that before.
Yeah. How badass would that have been?
Wait, oh, you mean originally they were little Chewbacca's. I thought you meant that.
They were going to be Wookies. Someone's muttering something. I've incited a nerd rage. It's
valuable. It's valuable. Who's muttering? Who's muttering? It's okay. What are you
saying?
It would have been like the holiday special.
Oh, like what? Do you think the Ewoks would have saved the holiday special? You think
that would have been... No.
I just wanted to get you, man.
All right, all right. I'll buy you a drink afterwards.
He just wants to have sex with you.
Thank you, baby. Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right, so...
We asked you guys to ask us for relationship advice.
Questions, relationship questions. And here's the first one. Here it comes.
All right, here it comes. Along with a sound effect.
There's the relationship of Saurus descending from the Pleistocene of romance to Jesus Christ.
I'm sorry. No, wait. No, it's time for a question.
All right. There's a little bit of overcompensation here. You probably... Erin's insecure about
filling in for Jeff. She brought an iPad sound board. I applaud it. I applaud effort.
Thank you.
That's why I love inception.
Also...
Because it tries too hard. And if you guys don't like this, then you're hypocrites.
I don't want to be the inception of Girlfriend.
No, just the sound board is... It's the...
If I was a movie, what movie would I be? Girlfriend wise?
Citizen Kane.
All right.
Jesus Christ, get out, get out, get out. Pull up. Citizen Motherfuckin' Kane.
So, with your friends and colleagues, you say you love it, but alone you hate it?
No, no, no, no.
I got it.
No.
Thank you, Erin.
Or is it Wells directing it? Some people choose to not understand it, and I say fuck
you to them. Over pie.
All right. Question number one.
It does. It makes no sense.
No, you're calling up the information.
What?
It's the information in 1973? Why am I using a rotary phone?
Question number one.
What is the significance of a man-slash-woman's relationship with their cat?
Oh, that's important.
Because you have a very close relationship with your cat.
Yeah, cats are about... I would kill the music. I don't want to give notes during the show.
I'm sorry. I'll stop doing the sound effects.
Oh, my God.
I thought it was going to be a different sound.
No, it's fine. It's fine. I want to see where it's going. It's fine.
We talked about this. Your job is not to be Jeff Davis, so this is a whole new thing.
She's got an iPad full of sound effects.
Let's just...
Guys, it's fine. He's trying to explain something to me.
We're fine. It's part of the show.
Get off the stage, audience. Stop poking Dan.
I've never had to do this with 200 people at the same time, but guys, she's really cool.
I swear to God.
That was the last one.
Dogs require discipline on behalf of humans.
I don't want to use bad words like arrogance and ego. Confidence would be a better word.
You have to have your shit together to have a dog.
So if the guy or girl that you're interested in, whoever wrote this question, is a dog person
and you're a cat person, then I think what you have to understand is that you might be prone
to act like a little baby in the relationship.
You have to stay on your shit about that.
I think cat people...to own a cat is to say,
I don't want responsibility to the animal kingdom.
It doesn't mean that you're incapable of taking it on.
It's to say, I'm not ready for it yet. I don't want it yet.
People that have dogs are gone like, you know what? I got my shit together.
I want a fucking animal to walk around
and I'm going to be the sunshine and rain in its life.
If I forget to look at it, it's going to have a heart attack.
If I don't tell it a pillow isn't a sandwich, it won't know.
I might have to hit it. All kinds of weird shit.
Hey, don't. Whoa, whoa.
I didn't spend 500,000 years slowly warping the genes of a wolf.
Don't come crying to me.
I like cats. They're brand new.
Egyptians just invented them, like 1,000 years ago.
But I'm happy to make this announcement. Dan is buying a golden doodle.
See, thank you for holding your applause until you got verification from me.
It may take a little while. We researched the kind of dogs that I might get
if I was going to get a dog now that I'm fired.
And the community was my dog.
It has sadly stopped fetching my slippers
and has in fact taken to pissing on my face and my sleep
and having panels at Comic-Con without me.
It's you.
Dan, while that was happening, how did you react to that?
I started cleaning my house. Just for two days, I started moving boxes around.
I was muttering things like, I thought you hated nerds.
And then I would find out I made a shelf wrong and I was kicking across
and I was like, I fucking hate my fucking life.
I'm a wreck. The show broke up with me. It dumped me.
When you dump somebody, don't awe me.
I don't mean don't do anything. You can do whatever you want.
Don't feel sorry for me. I'm not saying these things do illicit pity.
It's a confession. I need to get this off my chest.
I feel warped and bad and petty about it.
Outside, I smile at people and I go, they drive by and go, toot toot, you got fired.
And I go, good morning, Ralph.
I guess they wanted to go in a different direction.
Just taking out the trash.
It's my duty, you know, to keep a smile.
I'm bummed out.
I love my show.
What if they took your baby? What if they came in your window and took your baby?
You'd probably just take your baby.
You'd probably start cleaning your house.
Working on your shelving units.
And every once in a while, you'd find out that for the third time,
you had the Home Depot guy cut it a tenth of an inch too long.
So it still doesn't fit in the fucking thing.
You just erupt into things like,
I'm doing a shelving unit. Why are you fucking firing me then?
In fact, I was trying to move my chair.
So I was trying to move a reclining chair.
Can you just kill the music though?
I'm so sorry. I can't hear it very well.
I mean, I swear to God.
Jeff never does this.
He just, he, you know, he's very...
He also never blows you.
On the weekends.
Do I tell her?
We stepped on each other's...
I had a dream.
The weird thing about the 540 wake-up
in the middle of a very intense anxiety dream.
But in the dream, Aaron and Jeff and I were on mushrooms.
I haven't told Jeff this yet. He's out of town.
And in the dream was such a vivid dream.
And I was in a rage. I'm surprised I wasn't like shouting in my sleep
because in my dream I was constantly angry and so stressed out.
In my dream, Jeff and my girlfriend and myself were on mushrooms
and like hanging out and having a good time.
And at the end of a big fun three-person mushroom trip,
Aaron said,
Guys, you know what? This is going amazing.
Like, let's just do this.
Let's just, call me crazy. Let's just do it.
And I was like, what?
And Jeff was like, yeah, I know what she means.
Let's fucking do it.
We've been thinking about it.
Sounds like you've been thinking about it.
Well, obviously.
It's an anxiety I have.
And I'm in the dream going, I only get to play one character.
I'm going like, no, I don't want to look at my friend's dick
and I don't want to watch him fuck my girlfriend
and I don't want to high five them while I do it.
Was it an eyeful?
I could go on and on for the reasons I don't want to do this,
but I'm sorry guys. And then that's when the dream started.
When the nightmare kicked into high gear
because the rest of the dream, it seemed like hours,
you know, like an inception, like time slows down.
So really, you should rent it.
Give it a chance, guys.
So I was awoken from that by my girlfriend going,
pick up the stick with the microphone.
Everyone's having a great time but me.
I sound like the best.
Really quick, when I saw Inception in the theater,
I saw with a couple friends.
You were 12.
My mom had to take me off of her breast
and she showed me to the...
She held you up and said, one day you'll get this.
I saw Inception at the arc light
and the last shot of Inception, it's not really a spoiler,
is a shot of a top turning
and you don't know if it's going to fall over,
which would mean that he's not in a dream
or if it's going to keep on spinning,
which means he is in a dream
because he finally gets what he wants.
The credits started going up
and a woman behind me said,
here we go again!
A diss with a movie was about a demented top.
Here we go again!
And that woman walked out going, Inception's great.
You know, fuck you guys.
Among dummies, Erin McGathy text messages
scrolling back to the night...
Uh-oh.
I was trying to move a chair through a doorway
that was too narrow for the chair.
Welcome to the most entertaining story of your life.
Also, there were buttons nearby.
The walls were creamed.
Garrison Keeler in it.
How many more people are going to be in his town?
Arthur's chair has become an item of much recompense.
The cushioning was forgiving.
Sean Connery's Garrison Keeler Impressionist.
It is right on.
Most things in Lake Wobegon don't rack all the bullets.
I'd really like to not get sidetracked tonight.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Okay, so chair.
You're trying to move...
Everyone buckle in.
He was trying to move a chair.
It's a character study.
It's funny.
I was trying to move a chair through a door.
The chair, I really think I came out of the gate
swinging an inception, and I think that's the moral of tonight.
I really fucked myself.
No, you're doing fine.
I wish I could take it back, man.
I wish I could like that movie.
I wish someone could incept into my head.
The idea that that movie is like Robocop.
Because it looks like a lot of skiing to me.
Yeah, those dreamscapes weren't very cool.
Did you say dreamscape?
The original inception.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
They all came together.
The dreamscape club all came together.
All of my colleagues in the back.
Yeah, that's what it's like to have a 27-year-old girlfriend,
by the way.
I'm 39.
I'm like, let me show you the real inception.
Dennis Quaid in dreamscape.
And then he just shows me his dick.
I do that all the time.
Ladies.
But his dick is a dream within a dream.
It's crazy.
I look at it, and I see myself naked in science class,
and then I see myself skiing.
With dicks for poles.
With it would be really low to the ground,
like crouching.
But then the dick looks up and goes, I'm the architect.
It's my dream.
That's why the balls have different hair on them.
And then Alan Page says, I have no reason to be here.
There's no reason for me to be here.
I was in Juneau.
That's it.
And then Joseph Gordon-Levitt says,
I thought it was in a better movie than this.
I did pretty good in this movie.
I'm going to abuse this over-validation.
And then Leonardo DiCaprio said, I love yachts.
Because of Titanic?
No, no, no, no.
I mean, we can all agree that Leonardo DiCaprio is a bad person.
I mean, there's probably somebody here.
I mean, come on.
He's got to be a shitty, terrible person.
He's an okay actor.
You can see it on his face.
He's a bad person.
When he's at charity events, deep down inside,
he's like, I don't really care if people die of cancer.
I don't have a yacht.
He loves yachts.
And models.
You can't trust people who love yachts.
Yachts shouldn't be around.
Are you basing?
Was he ever on a yacht to your knowledge?
Yes, he was on four yachts.
At the same time?
Every time I've seen a picture of him in a magazine,
he's with a different starlet on a yacht.
Really?
Like, lively on a yacht.
Gazelle Bunchen.
You know why I think he's on a yacht, baby?
He probably just wants to fuck you.
Yeah.
I'm a good boy.
Probably.
There's someone who's not laughing at everything I see in the back.
Hey, man, how can it happen?
I do that too.
I'm sorry, babe.
I do the same thing.
A lot of the fights we have are because we're the same person.
You're as dishonest and narcissistic as me.
And I also play to whoever's not laughing.
There's always a guy.
There's a couple people who are like...
I thought you were going to make up a new sitcom.
For me.
I don't know what...
And I don't blame you.
It's $10 and I'll see you after the show.
How about the male and female version of the same person
trying to do a show together?
One is dressed like his best friend
and he just explained that he wanted to have a three-way
with his best friend.
How about that?
All right.
So I was trying to move a chair through a door.
And I took off my shirt because I was sweating.
And I'm shedding a few,
but I still look ridiculous with my shirt off.
So she came upstairs
and she saw me standing over this chair
that I couldn't get through a doorway.
I looked like just a bad...
I was playing this game of Tetris with one piece,
trying to flip it.
I just drenched in sweat and I've taken off my shirt
and I look like a community theater version of Stanley Kowalski.
I had tried to move the chair through the door
every conceivable way.
It's kind of shaped like a whistle, this thing.
I can picture like a whistle.
Do they have whistles now?
Are those made to obsolete by Wi-Fi?
Is there like a...
Do they still wear on the football field?
They're like, no, use a laser now.
You shine it in their eyes.
I don't know.
I don't follow sports.
Maybe the whistle...
You don't have the whistle, do you?
There's a whistle.
I was trying to figure out...
I put the back through the very narrow doorway.
It occurred to me.
I figured out one angle and I shared this with Erin
because I trust her and love her.
Thank you.
That's the end of the story.
Next question.
Why are you so pretty, Erin?
Weird.
I don't know.
This is my spirit, my good spirit.
Sorry.
She actually does work as a replacement for Jeff Davis.
Do you have any stories about the time you ordered milk
and the chef said thank you?
Thank you.
No one ever orders milk like that.
How did you learn to order milk?
I don't know.
Were you born milk special?
Thank you.
I guess I was.
I don't know.
I don't fucking care.
I said I'm going to have to take the door off the hinges
in order to get the chair through.
It almost makes it through.
I got to take the door off the hinges.
Erin's immediate response.
Don't do that.
It's a two-man job.
Have you ever taken a door off the hinges before
and tried to put it back on?
It's a two-man job.
It's harder than you think.
It screws in some wood.
It's a fucking door.
It's a door.
No, I've never, to be perfectly honest with you,
I've never taken a door off the hinges and put it back on.
Well, it's harder than you think.
You've taken a door off the hinges.
Well, Erin, I didn't actually ask for your help.
And even if I did, I don't think telling someone
not to do something is helping them.
I find that to be very discouraging, actually.
And you definitely said it as sweet and reasonable
as you're saying it now.
So she goes, well, I'm going to go out drinking again.
Again?
I said, I'm going to go out fucking.
I'm going to go out fucking I guess.
Oh, no laugh.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't say that.
I was going out of the karaoke.
I'm so sorry.
Don't pollute the story with bits
because the truth is funnier than everything.
You're right.
I want to go out and drink in the drawing room.
You left.
And I was like, oh, fuck, it's a door.
So she's right.
It's kind of hard to take off a door by yourself
unless you put a fucking thing under the door.
It's like cartoon logic.
It's like, why is it hard?
Oh, because the door, if you take a screw, the unscrew,
it'll start to fall off the hinges.
Oh no, what am I gonna do?
What am I, what am I a fucking fox?
Am I a beaver?
No, I'm a primate.
I think I'll go get a thing that's as high
as the door comes off the ground.
Put it under the door so that when it comes off the hinges,
it's resting on that.
Ta-da!
And I took it off its fucking hinges
and I put the chair through the door
and I put the door back on the hinges
and I sent my drinking girlfriend two photos,
one of the chair in the room that it was too small,
so too big to get into,
and the other of the newly intact door,
rehinged and ready for closing or opening.
And I said, now, so you'll be me and I'll be you.
All right, so you be me, I'll be you.
Now, it was probably a two-man job,
but you probably forgot I have the power of 10 men.
And no idea that Tim Allen had cloned himself
and there were 50, 10 Allens in there.
Wow, you won.
All right, let's just read in
and then we'll talk about it.
Erin.
She's good, she's good.
It probably was a two-man job,
but you probably forgot I have the power of 10 men.
That's awesome.
I'm legitimately impressed.
I don't want you to be impressed.
I want you to be supportive of me
and in the face of adversity.
Or, or I guess you could fire me
and tell everyone that I did it unofficially.
Jesus, I'm sorry.
Pay attention to the punctuation.
Jesus, period.
Okay, okay.
I'm sorry, period.
I love you, period.
All right.
You really did it, period.
Pause.
Sorry, I was trying to save you heartache.
Lesson learned, no punctuation.
So no response for a while.
20 minutes later.
Are you mad at me?
No.
Okay.
It's not that crowded here
if you want to drink exclamation points.
Just me and Kimber.
No thanks.
Very tired.
Okay, period.
You sure you're not upset?
Question mark?
I don't have enough energy to be upset,
but I can't take away the same shame
you feel for not believing in my door powers.
That is, that is shame you are putting on yourself.
Dash, dash.
Okay.
True.
Is it okay if Kimber stays in your guest room?
That's fine.
Thank you.
Oh, this is this morning.
Yeah, this is morning.
Unimportant.
He left, I woke up to an empty bed,
so I texted him.
You can play Minecraft in here, smile face.
Oh, does nobody need to hold up the stick anymore?
Because if that's why I was downstairs,
I'm fucking 540 in the morning,
hold up the stick.
Oh, fucking three-way, 11 dream bitch.
I'm gonna go play a video game
where my efforts are rewarded in a linear fashion.
That's the name of my 70s metal band,
three-way, 11 dream bitch.
That's the name of my 70s metal band, three-way, 11 dream bitch.
She's a three-way, 11 dream bitch.
She likes.
Abercrombie and fish, I got her.
Speaking of which, I'm wearing this sweater
to honor the fact that the air conditioning
is working in this room.
I'm sure you guys are.
They used to get sweltering hot in here.
The fact that I can wear a sweater up here is amazing,
and we owe that to, I believe we owe that to,
well, we owe that to everybody at Meltdown Comics.
They don't have to, this place is always packed.
They can tell you to go fuck yourselves as a customer.
They have your money, they have your devotion,
but they choose to adjust the climate
at the expense of thousands of dollars to them.
They want you to be happy as well as lucrative.
And the good people at True Value, yes.
True Value, did someone say True Value?
We make hardware stores, not slogans.
True Value.
All right.
And butter.
I have some more.
Sticker than milk.
And twice as yellow.
Better than pee since 1940, butter.
Just do the, break it up, because there's people
in the back who, the charisma zone is here.
Like these people get splashed, it's like a SeaWorld show.
They feel the brine and the shrimp on their faces.
They're like, I fucking love whales.
Like, can I get a whale hat on my way out?
I love whales.
It's not in the halfway of the drive home.
They're like, what the fuck was that?
What's a whale's pie?
The people, as you go further back,
there's people in the back who are like,
what the fuck's going on?
That guy's just talking to his girlfriend
about fucking, whether his ass is fat
and fuck these people.
I didn't say that.
I'd fire him too.
You don't have to keep, I guess I do that
to get that reaction out.
I also probably did some stuff to get fired.
I'm sure I did.
Like I never, ever, ever did anything
they wanted me to do.
Like they always were going, they were like,
hey, you should have Martin Short on the show.
They didn't get to be like the three amigos
with Chevy Chays.
Okay.
I'm on it.
Sh.
So how's the video game episode coming?
They didn't like me.
I didn't listen to them.
I'm not a hero for doing that.
That's childish.
If you ever have a television show,
you should clean your plate.
Do your show.
Do it the way that they want you to do it.
Otherwise, you won't get to make a television show tomorrow.
You just be hanging out.
If you like television so much,
do it right.
All right.
But my relationship is perfect.
I'm not here to give TV show advice.
Are you raising your hand, sir?
Listen, well, this is important.
Well, it's just what you just reminded me.
I had heard of one point,
the video game episode was the...
Yeah.
Was that ever the case?
Wait, what?
The video game episode was what?
The video game ever, the finale of last season?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It has, he asked, was the video game episode
ever the finale?
People, the big fans are like the production codes
of the episodes, like the numbers 320,
321, 322.
Sometimes we shuffle episodes and those are a tip off.
We do do that, like because we do,
we do make, and it is a disservice
to the continuity of the show.
Sometimes we're like, well, 313 is a happier episode.
We're coming back from a break or whatever.
We're like shuffle it a little bit.
And I always tell people when we do that.
And then on the DVD, well, I have no control right now,
but they're supposed to correct that on the DVD.
In the cases of things like that,
the production codes of the episodes,
like with the Christmas episode that was stopped animated
and that video game episode,
we tend to just give it the latest production code number
because why, I'm not necessarily sure
it has something to do with just giving it,
like, because it's like,
that's a post-productive intensive episode.
We're gonna get to that.
That'll be the last one that we finish producing.
Let's just call it 322, for instance.
And then the other one, so it was never,
there was never, I would never do a finale
like with just them playing video games.
I would do it with a guy going in a cardboard box
and just turning it into a flash of light.
Because I'm a genius.
Anyway, so, very odd of you to just blurt out that question,
but no, there's no problem with it, that's fine.
It didn't turn into a rape or anything.
It's alarming to people when someone does that
because it's possible then
that you could just start raping people
and no one would be able to do anything about it.
So the whole feeling of social order kind of collapses.
There's 200 people, if you all just charged me,
you could kill me.
If you all just started talking or eating peanuts,
even if you all ate peanuts in unison,
that would be a form of, absolutely, it would overpower me
and I would, you wouldn't be able to hear me.
Also understand it.
You have all the power.
So, with apartheid, I need you to not know that.
I need to delay that realization
that you guys are in charge.
What were we talking about?
We're going on to our next question.
Oh, right, right, right, yeah, next question.
Dan, do you believe in love at first night?
At first night, I'm sorry.
Oh.
Freudian slip at first sight.
Discuss.
I'm gonna say, well, I'm gonna say no
because the definition of love is,
I believe that people who end up happy together forever,
you can trickle back and find out
that they, when they saw each other,
they were into each other at an intense level,
unshared by any previous relationship.
But that might be coincidence,
because I think that love is, true love is,
you, number one, you die for the other person.
That's a hard one to, that's a tough order to fill.
For real?
Well, there might even be like degrees of love.
Love in Roman numeral three.
But, but, but also like.
You have to be, well, when you love somebody,
you have to be willing to endure their bullshit.
Like that high fidelity monologue about,
you know, you're not allowed to compare
the women that you see on the street
to the ratty panties that are hanging over
your shower curtain.
I'm paraphrasing a better writer than me,
but, but, but you, that monologue is.
I'm making a curtain.
It's, the person that you're with every day,
as you say, when you eventually marry them,
it's the, for better or for worse thing.
You're taking a vow, not because you want to like,
what it turns into in Western societies,
we just like hold hands and go like, all right,
no, promise for real, except unless we get a divorce.
Okay, go, it's really supposed to be like,
no, because you're going to be shitty sometimes.
Like I'm, I'm not going to, you know,
I'm going to average things out now.
I'm not going to base it on whether or not
every date goes perfectly.
We're not even going to date anymore.
We're going to have breakfast together.
And it's like, you're going to be in a bad mood.
I'm going to be in a bad mood and, you know,
I'm going to want to hit you with an iron.
Jesus.
We'll talk later.
I wish you an iron more.
I hate that I have to do all the ironing
and that you stand there and watch me
with your head in a head holder.
And I just.
I love my head holder.
It's perfect for nothing.
It doesn't exist.
Can you draw out the reading of the next question
so I can get a drink?
Yeah, I'm holding, I'm covered in questions.
Here we go.
Let's see.
Begatti, can you make this work?
Here it goes.
It's coming out.
And there it is.
All right.
Not such a bad girl friend.
Ooh.
She has her moments, like the lamb allergy lie,
which we'll get to in just a moment.
I don't think it's going to be very fun.
I will.
Now I feel like it has to be,
I don't think it's going to be a long story.
No.
Once upon a time, Erin pretended to have a lamb allergy
just to get her way.
The end.
They lived happily ever after.
Question mic?
Next question.
What's the question?
I'm going to react to you saying a question mark.
We have a very happy relationship,
you fucking asshole.
I'm just trying to make the nice people happy.
I just want them to.
Go back to your ex-girlfriends.
You guys had a lot of fun.
It's fine, I'm sure no one will have me.
It's like dating myself.
It's the fucking worst.
And the best.
So arrogant.
I'm not going to defend our relationship.
It's passionate.
Again?
There are crimes of passion where someone cuts someone's
head off with a chainsaw.
That's a crime of passion.
I'm passionately in love with you.
I may decapitate you at some point.
I mean, Dan, you're my,
I want to say in front of everybody,
Dan, you're my best friend.
Oh.
I love Tron.
And I love attention from strangers, gentlemen.
Don't do that, don't put your shingle out
because it harm my town.
This is apropos of this line of conversation.
I've been with my boyfriend for eight years.
I love him, but we fight all the time.
What should I do?
Wait, is that for real?
Oh, okay.
Marry him.
Ha ha ha.
You've been with him for eight years.
If you're asking that question,
you're looking for someone to like fire a gun
at the starting line that's you getting out
of our relationship.
You don't ask that question if you-
Not necessarily because if you fight all the time,
a lot of the times like people-
But why would you ask that question
if you weren't happy?
Because other people are constantly going,
you know, you guys fight all the time.
Like, if you and I were on a desert island,
I wouldn't know that I fought with you all the time.
Right.
I'm just interacting with you
the way a mommy does a daddy.
The way I understand it.
And then my sane friends go,
Jesus Christ, you guys hate each other.
Like, does the person that wrote that down
want to retain their anonymity
or can you answer a couple questions by shouting out?
Yeah, just simple.
There are 20 guys in the audience
that are about to throw up.
Okay.
If you want to come up, come up.
If you're okay with that.
Come on down.
This would be a good time for sound cue.
Here it comes.
Here's the sound cue.
Hear it.
Sorry, you can take this.
I'm sorry, first of all, I'm sorry about my girlfriend.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Welcome to the bottom of the sea
where, or the inside of a uterus,
whatever that sound effect was.
It's comfortable.
It's cozy.
Your name is ma'am.
My name's Tiffany.
Tiffany.
You got to call her a miss, brah.
I don't know that code.
I don't know.
Call always, gentlemen always call young women miss.
All right.
So when you get called ma'am, it's a bummer, right?
No, go ahead.
Call me ma'am.
All right, thanks for selling me out.
Sisterhood.
I'm wearing a suit, but I'm a woman.
Back me up, ma'am.
I don't know.
All right, so I'm sorry.
What's your name, young little tater tot?
My name's Tiffany.
Tiffany, right.
You've already said that.
Okay, got it.
All right.
Nomadic advice.
Tiffany gave a-
A Tiffany.
Tiffany, the name was Tiffany.
All right, Tiffany.
So you're, is he here?
Yeah, he's back there.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah.
He was very mad that I wrote that question, actually.
And we had a little fight about it.
We had a little fight about it.
I'm being mad.
Yeah, of course.
You guys, yeah, well, that's what Erin
and I fight about fighting.
So, so, so.
Tiffany, you're 26.
No, I was like listening to what you were saying
and it felt exactly like when she said,
you can, you can play Minecraft in here.
I'm like the, I think I've texted that to him before.
No.
Okay, did you ever read that,
men are from Mars, women are from Venus thing?
No.
There was a, I didn't either,
but I listened to the book on tape.
And, and the guy, cause I was taking a road trip
and the guy said that women are like waves.
They crash, they rise and fall
and men are like rubber bands.
They back away and then they snap forward.
So you've probably-
Also they're everywhere.
You can always find a new one.
Yeah.
I love you, I love you so much.
I love you so much.
I'm so sorry.
I'm just as happy as a podcast producer.
Cause like, oh, there's an edit point.
We can pretend the show ended there.
I'm in the middle of an interview.
Tiffany, how, how old are you when you,
how old were you guys when you first started dating?
We were 16 and now we're 24.
Whoa.
How old were you guys when you moved in together?
Um, in 19, 19.
Okay. In 19, 19.
No, no, I got it.
I'm sorry.
That was me being-
I was trying to think of it.
No, you got it.
We were 18 years old.
You're great.
I would like to be your friend.
Um, I, we, we change.
I would say no matter what happens,
we all change so much from 16 to 24.
We turn into different people.
We become different people.
So no matter what happened,
there, there are no heroes or villains.
As Dan told me once,
there's no good or bad and love.
There's just honest and dishonest.
So let's get them up here.
Can we do that?
He doesn't want to come up here.
I'm so sorry.
Is he willing to come up or is he-
No, don't.
Okay. No, don't make him.
That's the-
No, that's it.
The, uh, but it's, it's, it's-
I mean, come up if you want to come up.
Don't have me telling you to do things I don't care.
Men are like-
We get invites to your imaginary wedding.
They're rubber bands.
Men, men pull back when they feel like
there's a risk of them being emasculated
or confined, constricted.
Men, men have this like tendency according to this book.
I'll trust this guy.
He sounds like he's eating a ton of pussy.
If you, if you ever heard his voice on tape,
he just sounds the most masculine guy in the world.
But, but he says something that kind of resonated with me.
It's like, yeah, women go up and down.
What's the most frequent conversation?
What's the most frequent ending to every argument
that men and women have?
It's, uh, I didn't want, with a woman saying,
I didn't want you to do anything about it.
I just wanted you to like support me.
And the man going, I don't understand what the fuck you're-
Wasn't that you with the door to her?
Yeah, well, that's a, look.
Uh, all right, back on Team Women.
We welcome you back on behalf of all the ladies.
I told her, I told her, Mariam,
you've been together eight years.
That was before the 16th thing that you have,
you adjust for inflation there.
Six, 16 to 20 doesn't count,
but that doesn't mean that your relationship doesn't count.
That's still a four year relationship.
I don't, not good at math.
I have never gone more than three years.
And at the end of three years,
like a relationship to last a certain length,
like there's a, I'm a behaviorist,
not a, I think that if people are together,
then it says that they want to be together.
And if in that relationship they're fighting,
then it says that both of them are kind of like
committing to this like opera where you fight,
and that's a definition of relationship.
And like, if you, if he's going like,
I'm gonna go down to my boxers and like disappear
and hide in the closet and play on my laptop.
And God knows what, and you're going like,
I don't know, I just want, you know,
I say, take your hands off the wheel,
and if the car goes in the ditch,
you're not going to die because it's not a car,
it's a relationship.
I, I would say,
Good analogy.
That's my advice to everyone here
for every problem that you have.
I guess we could, yeah.
I would say, I would say no matter what,
and I hope this isn't a catalyst for like a,
like a big conversation you have.
You're going to have a huge fight.
You're just trying to be really careful.
I know, I know, but I just,
I just want to say that like we are culture values,
love and commitment so much, and that's important,
but like no matter what happens,
that means something that you guys were together
for so long.
That's meaningful.
And like I had early relationships,
and I bet with non-geniuses.
Those relationships that you have are important,
and if something was to happen,
and you guys were to go on different paths,
it doesn't negate what you had already,
and you could still love each other,
even if you want different things.
I mean, you may call him from time to time,
just ask him if he wants to fuck you with a drawing.
Jesus Christ, he's trying to break up with her,
like right in front of him.
This is why women drive me nuts, we're done.
Am I, what, I'm siding with a guy,
because he's a guy?
I hate myself.
No, it's fine, there's no, there's no, there's no side.
Tiffany, I will say you are in for a world of shit
when you go back to your seat.
Yeah, yeah, I think so.
All right, well, thanks, Tiffany, for being here.
It's here for Tiffany.
And a relationship for us, for our paltry.
Ooh, this is a good question.
We didn't commit any crimes just now
that numerous reality shows don't commit.
Like, there was that reality show
that basically murdered Corey Hame,
just for, you know, I don't think that.
The hilarious of you, we're on drugs in the house,
like one more drugs, and he's dead,
and they're like, well, I guess that show's canceled.
No, I don't want anyone to break up,
I just, I want people to not feel guilty
for their paths changing,
or to not value their previous relationships.
Right, but she didn't, her question wasn't,
and I don't want to fight with you, but, again.
But her question wasn't, what do I do
about the fact that our past changed?
But there's a reason why you ask a question,
like if I put in like, well, not.
I fucking hate you so much.
I just, like, I just, we'll have it out in the car.
Wow, I turned into, let's try it, let's see what happens.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, Dan Harmon, a relationship expert,
how do I get out of the friend zone?
How do I?
Oh, you know, the friend zone.
I run it into the ground, fucking, like, tell her,
I'm assuming this is a dude.
There is such a thing as a girl
that ends up in the friend zone, but, ugh.
There's wispy mustache sweat on this,
so I believe it is, I believe it is a dude.
There is, there is a, every once in a while,
a canvas wants to know how to treat a paintbrush,
but, yeah, it's probably a guy asking
how to get out of the friend zone.
It happens, sometimes you paint by going like this
with an easel.
Uh, the answer, we were in the friend zone.
You already know the answer to that question.
You tell her how you feel because she will run
like you're a fucking atom bomb, like you,
and be honest with yourself about whether you can
stand hanging out with her when sex is off the table.
The friend zone thing is like a sticking point with me
because I had that issue with you.
Oh, that's what you said.
You and I were the, yeah, I fucking, I wanted to die.
I thinly tolerated it, but I said to you,
I demanded to know what this really meant,
this platonic relationship.
Did it mean that you had other irons in the fire?
Is that what that means?
Does it you and me, hang on.
The idea that you not being ready for a relationship,
does that mean that you're not ready for a relationship
with like seven dudes at the same time?
Or does that mean that you really like me?
But I, that's not really the point because it's her,
how she responds is up to her.
But there were reasons, right.
Like it wasn't, it wasn't a normal shitty girl situation.
There were reasons behind it.
The thing with it, the thing that a guy has to do
to protect himself from that is to always just like,
as uncharismatic and as like, we're encouraged as guys,
we go, women always call us liars.
They always go like, oh, guys are pigs,
you're liars and all this stuff.
Guys are, we are pigs, dogs, whatever that animal,
whatever animal metaphor you want to use,
but we're simple.
We are capable of just being honest and blunt
about what it is we want.
And we kind of like get trained over time,
probably justifiably, to have a little bit of
grace about it, but that can slide into lying
and deceiving and like playing some weird game.
And then on the other side, there are honest women
who are cool with that and will say to guys like,
I think you might, you say you want to be platonic friends,
but I feel like this is more than that.
I just want to make sure you understand, right?
Okay, communication works.
But then there are as many dishonest women
as there are dishonest men, and so what happens
is there's a guy on one side going like,
I'm in it for the long con.
I'm going to sneak in the back door.
She's with Richard right now, but I'm there when she cries.
I've got her umbrella.
I love umbrellas.
To put under her eyes for her cheeks?
Something like that.
Who's this talking to me?
Is it God?
This is God, Jerry.
Oh God, keep it down, will you?
Jerry, Jerry, I want to talk to you.
I'm just talking to myself, the audience,
Shakespearean character, sometimes they talk outward
to share their thoughts and feelings.
Yeah, yeah, I hear you.
It's not necessarily an invitation
to a fucking full dialogue.
I'm just a guy trying to get laid.
Jerry, first of all, I love your burlap pants.
Second of all, sometimes everybody, women and men,
men and men go through different stages of insecurity.
Oh God.
How'd you make such an exciting world?
Are you the same God that invented flamingos?
You're just dragging me down.
Oh yeah, that was me.
I was in a good mood.
I created the flamingo and the platypus.
What can I do to get you back in that mood?
I'm looking for more of a flamingo God,
less of a Judd Hirsch from Taxi God.
Jerry, I talked to very few people.
You're wasting your God time.
Point taken, finish up.
Jerry, women and men, when they're first starting today,
they're sometimes insecure.
So I think that sometimes nice guys,
when they're younger, when they're teenagers
and are in their early 20s and they approach women
and they're like, I just wanna be friends,
it's hard when you're insecure
to accept that somebody likes you.
So then when women get older,
that insecurity thing kind of changes a little bit.
So with that friend thing,
like maybe it's more about her than it is about you
and you should probably go bark up a different tree
or become a rock star.
All right, what are you saying?
Like take your God mask off, Erin.
It was me the whole time.
It was me, Dan, the whole time.
What the fuck are you talking about?
No, no, no.
You're saying that some of the situations
where men are-
I guess if it's friends over then,
the friends over person, if you're comfortable,
if you could just scream at your age really quick.
If you're gonna-
Oh, the guy who, well yeah, he doesn't wanna,
he doesn't, he's sitting with the chick
that he's in the friend zone with.
She thinks that he's awesome.
And she's like, thank you so much
for giving me a ride to Alex's house.
I appreciate it.
He's three years into a nine year jackpot.
I was saying like, I was-
He's not gonna fuck it up for us.
He's not like Tiffany and Zorro,
whoever she can be.
I'm speaking a Zorro.
Well, I assume he's Zorro.
He fucking gets away with murder with her.
We don't, the friend zone, don't get in it.
That's the only advice we can give.
It's like saying, how do I get out of quicksand?
You can't murder your dad.
Well, I just wanna say it's more-
Don't ever, when you see it, step around it.
I would say, I would say-
Where's no shoes?
The board, I would say across the board.
And I think ladies will agree with me.
If your intentions are romantic, fucking own that.
Don't be like, hey, like, yeah, this isn't a date.
I mean, if I can just drive you to coffee or whatever.
And then all of a sudden, say like,
by the way, I'm gonna look at pussy.
Like that's the worst.
That's dishonest.
If you, my friends are like shaking their heads.
So don't do that.
Well, I'm just saying like, if you're interested in somebody,
first look Jerry in the mirror and say,
Jerry, you're cool because you're smart.
You made these burlap pants.
No one wears burlap pants.
And then when you see a girl that you like,
go up to her.
Hey, hey, oh, what's your name?
My name is Angela.
Hey, Angela, I think you're real beautiful.
If I could buy you a drink sometime, I would love that.
Oh, thank you.
Don't do, it doesn't always work.
But it's more likely to get you laid than the alternative,
which is like, hey, hey, my name is Jerry.
What's your name?
Angela?
Cool, cool, doing a bring your standup show.
A lot of friends are coming.
It's not a date.
Not a date.
Yeah, if you want to come, that'd be great.
I'll be Facebooking you later.
So we agree on something.
That I agree, yeah, ask women out.
Like that's a great way to avoid,
like ask them out to dinner.
Say, let's watch Breaking Bad together.
I don't, like, tell them basically,
I'm interested in you.
Well, that's where I,
Well, and that's what you did.
Yeah, well, at first I said,
platonic drinks, I did that once, that's my limit.
I said, hey, platonic drinks, right?
Yep, okay, how can you turn that down?
Cause you'd be a monster, that's my bear trap.
Psh.
That's the friend zone working for you.
Then after platonic drinks, you go,
guess what, someone's interested in something
a little bit more happy.
And then they tell you yes or no.
The difficult thing is not being afraid of the no.
That's the horrible thing.
Cause you feel like if they say no,
then your balls fall off and a fish hook grabs you
and you, it turns out you lived in a pond your whole life
and that someone gets to eat you if women don't like you.
All right, we're going to do,
welcome to the rapid fire round.
We're, this is the part of Harmontown.
All of my answers will be three words.
Okay.
No.
Okay, should I put on music?
Okay.
Cause you will press a button
and it'll be a philasa raptor.
Are you sure?
Well, just a little.
All right, you're A, I'm sorry.
Okay.
What is true love?
You don't have to limit yourself.
I, I'll, I'll have my hand up.
Dying for another.
All right.
How do I know, how do I know it's love?
You died, sir.
My wife, my wife isn't a redhead.
What should I do?
Show her.
Clare all.
All right.
What's too gross of an age difference
when the ladies older?
I, lady in parentheses and 31.
Seven.
But.
Oh.
Awesome.
I don't know if I had a minimum of three.
I said, Mac.
What are your views on masturbation
of the, in parentheses of a sexual and artistic kind?
And then an asterisk and its effect
on romantic relationships.
Do it constantly.
Thank you everybody.
This has been Harmon Tell.
Let's hear it for Dan Harmon.
If you guys want to talk to me,
I'll be, oh shit.
I want to thank people.
You're playing the thing.
Here we go.
Let's play it.
I want to thank some people that are involved in the show
now that we're actually podcasting it.
Really fucking.
Also, if you want to, I'll take a little break,
but I'll be hovering around here.
If you want to like talk to me.
I don't want to be presumptuous about that.
I don't pretend that anyone wants to talk to me.
Guys, it really means a lot to him.
So please come up and talk to him.
I want to thank you for coming to a Harmontown Town meeting.
We'll do another one next week, another weekly,
but I want to thank Katie Levine
for doing the audio recording here on site.
Thank you.
Zac McKeever for doing all things technical,
making sure we don't pop and whistle and everything,
audio related.
Emily Gordon, who I don't think is here,
but she's the producer of the live shows.
Her idea to do this in the first place.
Daniel Kramer, the program director,
and Mo Fatahbab, god damn it, Mo.
Did I get that right?
Fatahbab?
It's Egyptian.
Mo Fatahbab is the on-site director,
and Daniel Kramer is the program director.
Dustin Marshall is our podcast producer.
He's in charge of making sure we can get on the air for you.
And I also want to give a very special thanks to Jenny Fine,
who made our Harmontown winning logo
for the Harmontown podcast.
Thank you, Jenny.
Thank you so much for...
Dustin Marshall and Dustin Marshall.
I thank Dustin Marshall.
All right.
I'm gonna fucking break up with you
as soon as the show's over.
Thank you for coming.
No one's amused by that anger.
It's always been funny to me.
I'm from Wisconsin.
Thank you so much.
I love you, Jan.
Dan, I love you.
I love you, too.
Thank you for coming to our Valentine's edition
of Harmontown.
I'll see you next week.
Thank you so much.